Introduce ProjectDependency.getPath (#30993)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/releases/upgrading/upgrading_version_8.adoc

Accessing the mutable project instance of other projects should be avoided.

> In many cases, details about a project dependency are exposed by a link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/artifacts/result/DependencyResult.html[DependencyResult], which can be obtained via a link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/artifacts/result/ResolutionResult.html[ResolutionResult].
> See the user guide section on <<programmatic_dependency_resolution#sec:graph_resolution,programmatic dependency resolution>> for more details on this API.
> 
> In other cases, where only the identity of the target project is necessary, use the new Isolated Projects safe project path method: link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/artifacts/ProjectDependency.html#getPath()[`ProjectDependency#getPath()`]
> 
> If accessing the target project is absolutely necessary, consider this direct replacement:
> Note, this approach will not fetch project instances from a different build.
> [source,kotlin]
> ----
> val projectDependency: ProjectDependency = getSomeProjectDependency()
> val deprecated = projectDependency.dependencyProject
> val replacement = project.project(projectDependency.path)
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are trying to find details about all projects that were used, you should inspect the full link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/artifacts/result/ResolutionResult.html[ResolutionResult]. Project dependencies are exposed in the link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/artifacts/result/DependencyResult.html[DependencyResult]. See the user guide section on <<programmatic_dependency_resolution#sec:graph_resolution,programmatic dependency resolution>> for more details on this API. This is the only reliable way to find all projects that are used in a resolution result. Looking at only the declared `ProjectDependency`s may miss transitive or substituted project dependencies. 

If you only care about the identity of the target project, use the new Isolated Projects safe project path method: link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/artifacts/ProjectDependency.html#getPath()[`ProjectDependency#getPath()`].

If you need to access or configure the target project, consider this direct replacement:
[source,kotlin]
----
val projectDependency: ProjectDependency = getSomeProjectDependency()
// old way: 
val someProject = projectDependency.dependencyProject
// new way:
val someProject = project.project(projectDependency.path)
----
This approach will not fetch project instances from different builds.
```
